
The error you're encountering is related to Puppeteer being unable to locate the Chromium executable at the specified executablePath. Specifically, it's looking for Chromium at the path /nix/store/chromium-121.0.6167.184-1/bin/chromium, but it seems like either that executable doesn't exist or the path is incorrect.

Possible Causes & Solutions:
Incorrect Executable Path:

The path to the Chromium binary might not be correct or the file doesn't exist.
You can verify the correct path by checking if Chromium is installed on your system and providing the right path in the executablePath field. You could also try using the default puppeteer path by omitting executablePath, like so:
js
Copy
const browser = await puppeteer.launch({
  args: ['--no-sandbox', '--disable-setuid-sandbox', '--disable-dev-shm-usage'],
  headless: 'new'
});
Puppeteer will automatically download Chromium if it's not already installed, so you won't need to specify the path manually.
Chromium is not installed:

Ensure that Chromium is installed and the path is correct. You can install Chromium via a package manager or download it from the official source and provide the correct path to the executable.
Running in an environment without access to the browser:

If you're running this in a restricted environment (like a container or a server), make sure that the environment has the necessary dependencies and access to run Chromium. You may need to install additional libraries (e.g., for rendering in a headless browser).
Permissions issue:

If Chromium is installed but you still encounter issues, there could be a permissions issue with the path or executable. Ensure that the user running the server has permission to access the Chromium binary.
To debug this further, try:

Checking if the chromium executable exists at the given path (/nix/store/chromium-121.0.6167.184-1/bin/chromium).
Running Puppeteer with a default configuration that doesn't specify executablePath to let Puppeteer manage the Chromium installation.
Once you confirm or fix the executable path, the error should be resolved.